Add microfrontend documentation. (#1179)
jhipster/jhipster.github.io: pages/creating-microservices.md

Microservices are a type of JHipster application, that have no front-end (the Angular front-end must be generated on a [gateway]({{ site.url }}/api-gateway/)), and which work with the [JHipster Registry]({{ site.url }}/jhipster-registry/) to be configured, discovered, and managed.

<h2 id="entities">Entities in a microservices architecture</h2>

> The user entity is not accessible in the microservice when using JWT or DTO, only when OAuth2 is use, there is a mechanism in the microservice to extract user data from the token and save it to the microservice's database. So for JWT and DTO you can not use and/or define a relationship with the User entity because it exists only in the gateway database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The User entity is not generated in a microservice when using JWT or DTO. When OAuth 2.0 is used, there is a mechanism in the microservice to extract user data from the token and save it to the microservice's database. So for JWT and DTO you can not use and/or define a relationship with the User entity because it exists only in the gateway's database.
```

Relationships between entities from different microservices are not supported.

<h2 id="generating_entities">Generating entities</h2>

> For entities in microfrontend see [Microfrontends](#microfrontends)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For entities in a microfrontend see [Microfrontends](#microfrontends).
```

Using the [entity sub-generator]({{ site.url }}/creating-an-entity/) works a little bit differently in a microservices architecture, as the front-end and the back-end codes are not located in the same application.

> First, generate the entities in the microservices applications: this works as usual, and you can also use [JHipster UML]({{ site.url }}/jhipster-uml/) or [JDL Studio](https://start.jhipster.tech/jdl-studio/) to help you generate complex entities and relationships. As microservices don't have a front-end, no Angular/React code will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, generate the entities in the microservice applications: this works as usual, and you can also use [JHipster UML]({{ site.url }}/jhipster-uml/) or [JDL Studio](https://start.jhipster.tech/jdl-studio/) to help you generate complex entities and relationships. As microservices don't have a front-end, no UI code will be generated.
```

Then, on the gateway(s), run the entity sub-generator again. A new question will appear at the beginning, which is specific to gateways:

- You will have the choice either to generate a new entity normally (a gateway is also a standard JHipster application, so this would work like for a monolith application), or use an existing JHipster configuration from a microservice.
- If you choose to generate the entity from a microservice, you will need to enter the path to this microservice on your local computer, and then JHipster will generate the front-end code on the gateway.

> <h2 id="microfrontends">Microfrontends</h2>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Microfrontends
```

The `<h2>` syntax is only needed when you want to change the anchor link (set by the `id` attribute).

> Microfrontend support is a work in progress. Implementation is subject to change and varies between frameworks. Refer to [Microfrontend Support](https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/issues/17031) for updated status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microfrontend support is a work in progress. Implementation is subject to change and varies between frameworks. Refer to [Microfrontend Support](https://github.com/jhipster/generator-jhipster/issues/17031) for the latest status.
```

> It uses [Webpack Module Federaration](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/module-federation/) and allows frontend entities implementation to be located in the microservice instead of in the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JHipster's microfrontends implementation uses [Webpack Module Federaration](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/module-federation/) and allows frontend entities implementation to be located in the microservice instead of in the gateway.
```

> Gateway is still required to be running in development due to the authentication process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A gateway is still required to be running in development due to the authentication process.
```
